add doc on how to add an invisible captcha tag (#2179)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/themes/helpers.adoc

+
include::/docs/v1/tech/shared/_recaptcha-values.adoc[]

[field]#showCaptcha# [type]#[Boolean]#::
This determines whether or not to show the CAPTCHA badge. Typically supplied by the `showCaptcha` template variable.

[field]#siteKey# [type]#[String]#::
The `data-sitekey` value to use for the CAPTCHA. Typically supplied by the `tenant.captchaConfiguration.siteKey` template variable. Required if using `GoogleRecaptchaV3`.

=== Invisible reCAPTCHA
If you wish to enable an https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/docs/invisible[invisible reCAPTCHA] element so that a CAPTCHA will still challenge a submit without a checkbox on the form you may do so by adding the `data-size` and `data-callback` attributes on the tag with the `g-recaptcha` class. In FusionAuth version 1.46.0 and later these attributes will be present in the default template but commented out.

[source,html]
.Invisible tag
----
[#if captchaMethod == "GoogleRecaptchaV2"]
      <div class="g-recaptcha" data-sitekey="${siteKey!''}"
        data-size="invisible"
        data-callback="reCaptchaV2InvisibleCallback"
      ></div>
 ...
----

[NOTE.note]
====

> On versions of FusionAuth prior to 1.46.0 you will need to update the JavaScript in order to properly handle the form submit for invisible reCAPTCHA. See https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/docs/invisible[this GitHub issue] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On versions of FusionAuth prior to 1.46.0 you will need to update the JavaScript in order to properly handle the form submit for invisible reCAPTCHA. See https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-issues/issues/2237[this GitHub issue] for more information.
```

** This macro renders a button that can be used to submit a form. The FusionAuth version of this macro includes an icon and the button text.

== Captcha

The `_helpers.ftl` template provides a macro to embed link:/docs/v1/tech/core-concepts/tenants#captcha-settings[captcha challenges] into your templates. This is

* `captchaBadge`
** Macro that adds a captcha badge to the template. See link:/docs/v1/tech/themes/template-variables/[template variables] for more information on the template variables. The macro's parameters are:

=== Parameters
[.api]
[field]#showCaptcha# [type]#[Boolean]#::
This determines whether or not to show the captcha badge. Typically supplied by the `tenant.captchaConfiguration.captchaMethod` template variable.

[field]#captchaMethod# [type]#[String]#::
This is the type of captcha to use. Typically supplied by the `showCaptcha` template variable. Valid values are:
+
include::/docs/v1/tech/shared/_recaptcha-values.adoc[]

[field]#siteKey# [type]#[String]#::
The `data-sitekey` value to use for the captcha. Typically supplied by the `tenant.captchaConfiguration.siteKey` template variable. Required if not using `GoogleRecaptchaV3`.

=== Invisible reCAPTCHA

> If you wish to enable an link:https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/docs/invisible[invisible reCAPTCHA] element you may do so by adding the `data-size` and `data-callback` attributes on the tag with the `g-recaptcha` class. In versions >= 1.46.0 these attributes will be present but commented out.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you wish to enable an https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/docs/invisible[invisible reCAPTCHA] element you may do so by adding the `data-size` and `data-callback` attributes on the tag with the `g-recaptcha` class. In versions >= 1.46.0 these attributes will be present but commented out.
```

Asciidoc knows it is a link if it starts with `http`...

> If you wish to enable an link:https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/docs/invisible[invisible reCAPTCHA] element you may do so by adding the `data-size` and `data-callback` attributes on the tag with the `g-recaptcha` class. In versions >= 1.46.0 these attributes will be present but commented out.

Reviewer 2: As a dev, why would I want to use invisible reCAPTCHA? Don't need the whole spiel since you link, but grabbing a use case would be helpful.

[source,html]
.Invisible tag
----
[#if captchaMethod == "GoogleRecaptchaV2"]
      <div class="g-recaptcha" data-sitekey="${siteKey!''}"
        data-size="invisible"
        data-callback="reCaptchaV2InvisibleCallback"
      ></div>
 ...
----

> [NOTE.since]

Reviewer: I think the way that things are rendered in the doc with this note, the code examples below, and the one line paragraphs makes it hard to follow what is expected here.

It might be worth splitting this into two sub-sections: one for 1.46+ that is just "find this tag and uncomment a couple of lines and you're done" and another for earlier versions that walks through adding attributes to the tag and then modifying JS.

Reviewer 2: Here's an example of post/pre: https://fusionauth.io/docs/v1/tech/tutorials/key-rotation#determining-key-age

Author: Put the workaround in the issue and just made this a note to look there

====

> On versions of FusionAuth prior to 1.46 you will need to add the `reCaptchaV2InvisibleCallback` function in order to properly handle the callback on form submit from the captcha.

Reviewer 3: can we use `1.46.0` instead of `1.46`?

====

In the `captchaScripts` macro in the `_helpers.ftl` template find the following tag:

[source,html]
.Existing Captcha.js import
----

> <script src="${request.contextPath}/js/oauth2/Captcha.js?version=${version}"></script>

Reviewer 3: If you're running a version prior to `1.46.0` - won't the user need to comment out the current JS import for `Captcha.js`? Otherwise, there will be two submit handlers bound.
